README.adoc, before:

# Asciidoc Features
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]

This repo shows how to implement the different Asciidoctor Features

For more information look at the official repo link:https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-maven-examples[Asciidoctor-maven-examples]
There you find more and comprehensive examples.

link:https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual[Asciidoctor User Manual]

link:https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoctor-maven-plugin[asciidoctor-maven-plugin docs]

== How to generate documentation files


.Ho to start
|===
|command |description

a|
----
mvn
----
|the default phase "generate-resources" will be executed for all modules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn
----
|the default phase "generate-resources" will be executed for one submodules

a|
----
mvn clean generate-resources
----
|the target folder will be removed and the default phase "generate-resources" for all modules will be executed for all submodules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn clean generate-resources
----
|the target folder will be removed and the default phase "generate-resources" for this submodules will be executed for all submodules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn clean package
----
|the target folder will be removed and the doc will be generated and the source code compiled and packaged for all submodules. Use Apache Shade for including the dependencies in the jar and creating the manifest-file.

|===

TIP: cleaning the target folder is always a good idea

== Example catalog

link:asciidoctor-pdf/README.adoc[asciidoctor-pdf] ::
Demonstrates how to convert AsciiDoc to pdf using the Asciidoctor Maven plugin. +
The generated documents (pdf, html5) are located in the target folder
+
image::target-folder.png[]

Commit message:

added the hint to install graphviz

README.adoc, after:

# Asciidoc Features
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]

This repo shows how to implement the different Asciidoctor Features

For more information look at the official repo link:https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-maven-examples[Asciidoctor-maven-examples]
There you find more and comprehensive examples.

link:https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual[Asciidoctor User Manual]

link:https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoctor-maven-plugin[asciidoctor-maven-plugin docs]

== Requirements

For using plantuml you have to install link:http://www.graphviz.org/download/[Graphviz]

== How to generate documentation files


.Ho to start
|===
|command |description

a|
----
mvn
----
|the default phase "generate-resources" will be executed for all modules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn
----
|the default phase "generate-resources" will be executed for one submodules

a|
----
mvn clean generate-resources
----
|the target folder will be removed and the default phase "generate-resources" for all modules will be executed for all submodules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn clean generate-resources
----
|the target folder will be removed and the default phase "generate-resources" for this submodules will be executed for all submodules

a|
----
cd asciidoctor-pdf
mvn clean package
----
|the target folder will be removed and the doc will be generated and the source code compiled and packaged for all submodules. Use Apache Shade for including the dependencies in the jar and creating the manifest-file.

|===

TIP: cleaning the target folder is always a good idea

== Example catalog

link:asciidoctor-pdf/README.adoc[asciidoctor-pdf] ::
Demonstrates how to convert AsciiDoc to pdf using the Asciidoctor Maven plugin. +
The generated documents (pdf, html5) are located in the target folder
+
image::target-folder.png[]
